Documentation/operation docs rework (#3074)
scality/metalk8s: docs/operation/upgrade.rst

> MetalK8s Cluster Upgrade

Reviewer: I'm wondering if it makes sense to include "MetalK8s" in section titles :thinking:... IMO, it's clear that we are discussing MetalK8s in this documentation, so maybe:

```suggestion
Cluster Upgrade
```

is enough.

========================

MetalK8s clusters are upgraded using the utility scripts packaged with
every new release.
This topic describes upgrading MetalK8s and all components included
in the stack.

Supported Versions
******************

.. note::

    MetalK8s supports upgrade of *at most* one minor version at a time.
    For example:

    - from 2.4.0 to 2.4.4,
    - from 2.4.0 to 2.5.1.

    Refer to the
    `release notes <https://github.com/scality/metalk8s/releases>`_ for more
    information.

Prerequisites
*************

ISO Preparation

> ---------------

Reviewer: Could have been interesting to keep a `operation/preparation.rst` (or `operation/iso-preparation.rst`) and use `.. include::` in both Upgrade and Downgrade procedures (so we only need to update the steps to prepare an ISO from a single file). Not necessary for this PR though, I'll open a ticket to track it.

Reviewer: Opened #3183

Provision a new MetalK8s ISO by running the utility script shipped
with the current installation.

.. code::

>    /srv/scality/metalk8s-X.X.X/iso-manager.sh -a <path_to_iso>

Reviewer: I know this was specified like this in the previous organization, but if you can replace this `.. code::` block with:

```suggestion
.. parsed-literal::

   /srv/scality/metalk8s-|version|/iso-manager.sh -a <path_to_iso>
```

It'd be easier for users to copy-paste.

MetalK8s Cluster Upgrade
========================

> The MetalK8s Cluster Upgrade is handled via utility scripts which are packaged

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MetalK8s clusters are upgraded using the utility scripts packaged
```

with every new release.

> This section describes how to upgrade MetalK8s with all the components

Reviewer 2: The original says an upgrade for MK8s _and_ the components in the stack. 
The revision implies _using_ the components to upgrade MK8s.
```suggestion
This section describes upgrading MetalK8s and all components included in the stack.
```

that are included in the stack.

Supported Versions
******************

.. note::

>     MetalK8s supports upgrade of **at most** one minor version at a time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    MetalK8s supports upgrade of *at most* one minor version at a time.
```

    For example:

    - from 2.4.0 to 2.4.4,
    - from 2.4.0 to 2.5.1.

    Refer to the
    `release notes <https://github.com/scality/metalk8s/releases>`_ for more
    information.

Prerequisites
*************

ISO Preparation
---------------

> Provision a new **MetalK8s** ISO by running the utility script shipped

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Provision a new MetalK8s ISO by running the utility script shipped
```

with the current installation.

.. code::

   /srv/scality/metalk8s-X.X.X/iso-manager.sh -a <path_to_iso>

> Pre-checks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pre-Checks
```

----------

> You can test if your environment will successfully upgrade with the following

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the ``--dry-run`` option to validate your environment for upgrade:
```

command:

.. code::

> 

Reviewer 2: parsed-literal + |version| variable

Reviewer: There were no answers to this suggestion, but it was not implemented (and rightfully so), but leaving an answer for reference: this particular block does not reference the current documented version, but the "target" version for an upgrade. One could argue we should actually document upgrades targeting the current documented version, so if we still want to do this change, we'd likely benefit from some rewording to make it obvious what we target and from which previous version(s) we can run this procedure.

   /srv/scality/metalk8s-X.Y.Z/upgrade.sh --dry-run --verbose

This will simulate the upgrade pre-checks and provide an overview of
the changes to be carried out in your MetalK8s cluster.

.. important::

    The version prefix metalk8s-**X.Y.Z** must be the *new* MetalK8s version
    you want to upgrade to.

Upgrade
*******

> #. Ensure that the prerequisites have been met.

Reviewer 3: remove
